Page Shield doc updates (#2870)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/page-shield/src/content/troubleshooting/index.md

---
title: Troubleshooting
order: 5
pcx-content-type: faq
---

# Troubleshoot Cloudflare Page Shield

> For a list of frequently asked questions, see [Troubleshooting Page Shield](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/articles/360059485272) in the Support KB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a list of frequently asked questions, refer to [Troubleshooting Page Shield](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/articles/360059485272) in the Support KB.
```

Author: Thanks, I had missed this one!
